### Prompt
Explain how class (static) variables and methods differ from their instance counterparts. Give an example of a class that contains at least one class variable and at least one class method. Explain why using a class variable and method rather than an instance variable and method would be the correct choice in the example you select.

### Response
Classes are templates for objects. Objects encapsulate data in defined attributes. Each instance of an object will have its own individual set of these attributes. These are instance variables. They are created when the object is created and exist while the object exists. A class variable is an attribute shared by all instances of an object. It exists for the duration of a program.

I like to knit so decided to illustrate these concepts with yarn. I keep an inventory of my yarn stash. I keep track of the attributes of each skein of yarn, or instance variables, such as: weight, color, brand, product name, amount,  storage location, and purchase date, price and location. I also keep track of total number of skeins of yarn, and number of skeins of yarn by weight. These would be class variables because they are variables related to the total stash, instead of each skein of yarn, and exist as long as there is inventory. Whereas any given attribute of the yarn exists only while that instance exists.

I have (partially) implemented a class to illustrate this, and a test for the class, in the attached files. In the class, the different counts are class variables. I also have a class variable for the names of each weight of yarn which is useful for the toString method (it is also constant since it does not change). Each yarn attribute is an instance variable. There are class methods to increment each class variable that tracks count. Creating the counts as class variables instead of instance variables means if I were to instantiate 5 yarn objects, then remove/ destroy one, the count variables would still exist since they are counts of all the objects.
